support input tx argument (#473)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/json-rpc/api-references/eth/transaction.md

| gas      | QUANTITY     | (optional) Maximum gas allowance for the code execution to avoid infinite loops. Defaults to 2^63 or whatever value the node operator specified via --rpc.gascap. |
| gasPrice | QUANTITY     | (optional) Number of `peb` to simulate paying for each unit of gas during execution. Defaults to `0` peb.                                                         |
| value    | QUANTITY     | (optional) Amount of `peb` to simulate sending along with the transaction. Defaults to `0`.                                                                       |

> | input    | DATA         | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input    | DATA         | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field, but 'data` field is still supported for backward compatibility.      |
```

| gas      | QUANTITY     | (optional) Maximum gas allowance for the code execution to avoid infinite loops. Defaults to 2^63 or whatever value the node operator specified via --rpc.gascap. |
| gasPrice | QUANTITY     | (optional) Number of `peb` to simulate paying for each unit of gas during execution. Defaults to `0` peb.                                                         |
| value    | QUANTITY     | (optional) Amount of `peb` to simulate sending along with the transaction. Defaults to `0`.                                                                       |

> | input    | DATA         | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input    | DATA         | (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field, but 'data` field is still supported for backward compatibility.  |
```

| from                 | 20-byte DATA    | The address from which the transaction is sent.                                                                                                                             |
| to                   | 20-byte DATA    | (not required when creating a new contract) The address to which the transaction is directed.                                                                               |
| gas                  | QUANTITY        | (optional) The integer of the gas provided for the transaction's execution. It will return unused gas.                                                                      |
| maxFeePerGas         | QUANTITY        | (optional, default: 250 ston) The maximum amount to pay for the transaction's execution. Since Klaytn uses a fixed gas price, it must be set to 250 ston (Gpeb in Ethereum).|
| maxPriorityFeePerGas | QUANTITY        | (optional, default: 250 ston) Gas tip cap for dynamic fee transaction in peb. Since Klaytn uses a fixed gas price, it must be set to 250 ston (Gpeb in Ethereum).           |

> | data                 | DATA            | (optional) The hash of the method signature and the encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity.        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| input                 | DATA            | (optional) The hash of the method signature and the encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity.        |
```

Author: Thanks! Reflected it. [790bb5b](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/473/commits/790bb5b6cfb49d1bcda7f721f1630de807ddb8e0)

> | input                | DATA            | (optional) The hash of the method signature and the encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input                | DATA            | (optional) The hash of the method signature and the encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field, but 'data` field is still supported for backward compatibility.   |
```

| from                 | 20-byte DATA    | The address from which the transaction is sent.                                                                                                                     |
| to                   | 20-byte DATA    | (not required when creating a new contract) The address to which the transaction is directed.                                                                       |
| gas                  | QUANTITY        | The integer of the gas provided for the transaction's execution. It will return unused gas.                                                                         |
| maxFeePerGas         | QUANTITY        | The maximum amount to pay for the transaction's execution. Since Klaytn uses a fixed gas price, it must be set to 250 ston (Gpeb in Ethereum).                      |
| maxPriorityFeePerGas | QUANTITY        | Gas tip cap for dynamic fee transaction in peb. Since Klaytn uses a fixed gas price, it must be set to 250 ston (Gpeb in Ethereum).                                 |

> | input                | DATA            | (optional) The hash of the method signature and the encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field but 'data` field is still being supported for backward-compatiblity.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input                | DATA            | (optional) The hash of the method signature and the encoded parameter. It replaces `data` field, but 'data` field is still supported for backward compatibility.  |
```
